README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

docs(readme): 📝 update readme with description, features, screenshots, author

README.md, after:

# Vaultacks

Vaultacks is built on the [Stacks Chain](https://www.stacks.co/). It lets users upload files to [Gaia](https://docs.stacks.co/docs/gaia/), a off-chain data storage system. Vaultacks currently uses the [default provider](https://gaia.blockstack.org/) (you will encounter an error XML file if you visit this link as the root path isn't supposed to show anything). 

Users can wish to make files private or public. Public files are stored as-is and anyone with the Gaia URL can access it. Private files are stored in an encrypted form which can only be decrypted by the wallet with which it was encrypted.

## Features
- Encrypted file storage (files are private by default)
- Ability to store raw text as well
- A way to view all files stored by the user
- File pages from where the user can download the file
- In case of raw text, users can view the text and copy it to the clipboard without downloading anything

## Screenshots
- Home page (displays files when wallet is connected)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/186873261-f7b84323-fc70-4d39-a64c-55880aeda0b2.png)
- File Upload Page (here 1 file is uploaded and it is made public)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/186873409-2ddd498c-7ecf-4de8-8aa8-419764044724.png)
- File page for text
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/186873484-60d5464a-7682-4e96-bca5-157b7e30b155.png)
- File page for files
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/186873550-58a33d4d-8cc9-4eb3-b7d6-9af26784c37e.png)

## Author
### Anish De
- Twitter: [@AnishDe12020](https://twitter.com/AnishDe12020)
- GitHub: [AnishDe12020](https://github.com/AnishDe12020)
- Website: [https://anishde.dev/](https://anishde.dev)
